# RST-Btech-Project

With the colossal amount of data that is being generated every day over the internet, the need for reliant, efficient and easy to use data analysis tools is rising. To discover patterns in Big Data is essential for various business organizations and in fact, Intelligent information analysis is one of the buzzing issues in the field of Artificial Intelligence today. Often in real life, the data available for analysis is inconsistent and unfiltered. To perform knowledge discovery on such data, we need tools that could perform this task without the use of heavy hardware resources.

The main aim of our project is to create a data analysis tool based on Rough Set Theory, which could serve the purpose of providing crucial insights into inconsistent data without the requirement of heavy hardware resources. A Graphical User Interface has been designed and developed for this purpose. This application has been deployed over the internet, so that anyone with access to internet, could tap into the immense potential of Rough Set Theory to perform data analysis, as well as, solve the tedious problem of Missing Attribute values in a database.

With the use of latest technologies like Django, HTML, CSS, Bootstrap and Python programming language, we have designed and developed this project. Due to the extensive support for external libraries like NumPy and Pandas in Python, the task of performing complex numerical calculations and analyzing big datasets has become easier. Taking the advantage of the advance features that Python programming language offers, Django web-framework is the best suitable choice for web-development as it is based on Python itself. Amongst the numerous features of Django, the support for AJAX, session handling, best security and a stellar documentation, significantly reduces the time required for building web-applications. Combining the potential of such technologies, we have created an intelligent data analysis tool that can work with inconsistent data.
